# Hangman
insert images here

## Overview 

Hangman is a classic game where the player attempts to determine the hidden word. Players are presented with blank spaces and have to individually guess letters until the blank spaces are exchanged for letters. Each wrong letter guess results in the construction of a man hanging until the final image is drawn and the game is over. In this version, a word is randomly generated by the computer and the user has 7 chances to enter a unqiue letter and guess the word. Each time the user inputs an incorrect answer, a visual hangman graphic is displayed to the user to indicate the incorrect letter. 
Once the game is won, the user has the choice to play again or return to the main menu.

## Aims

The aim of this site is provide a fun, interactive and easy accessable game that provides a challenge to the user. Users should be able to recieve real time feedback as to wether their guess is correct or incorrect. Users should know whether they've won or lost the game. Users should have the ability to easily replay the game once completed.

## Planning stage
During the planning stage, I initally thought about the logic that the game must follow in order to run. I considered the step by step process from a user point of view and how their interaction with the game could be affect the steps and logic within the game.
I considered:
* How the game would initally load
* What would be the first interaction/input from the user
* How would the user input affect the logical steps of the game

Once i considered these processes I created a flowchart to suppliment the process of building. 

** INSERT IMAGE **

